{"title": "The Plot", "subpages": ["History Of Veel-Tark", "Genesis Of The Khepris", "The Athanasius Manuscript"], "contents": ""}
{"title": "History Of Veel-Tark", "subpages": ["Preface", "The Framework For Action", "First Movements", "The Creation Of The Game", "A New Acropolis", "The Fall", "The Rebirth"], "contents": "The History of Veel-Tark is not only the story of the creation of a city; it is, above all, the genesis of a dream, of a magical space that takes the form of a gigantic cenacle where great knowledge and wisdom can be brought together. Veel-Tark is thus a decentralised universe, where information is available to all. It is, in essence, a great game board that is projected on the subtle plane through the imagination of all its citizens. Yes, Veel-Tark is a game, a game of puzzles, riddles and quests; but it is also a statement of principles and values. It is a proposal for the future, a world of portals to hidden wisdom, to a universal community, to decentralised knowledge. Because knowledge is power. On each of us, as players, depends the use we make of it."}
{"title": "Preface", "subpages": [], "contents": "Fragment of the Codex Hermopolitanus Signed (undated) by G. W. Athanasius"}
{"title": "The Framework For Action", "subpages": [], "contents": "A World Of Secret Societies: We are talking about a time of great advances. It is a nascent world, immersed in the genesis of this new age which, by definition, also produces a state of chaos and great social inequalities. It is a world for all, but dominated by elites, in which the privileged seek to centralise power through information. The great crusade of the secret societies will consist, then, in decentralising knowledge; in making it, through their work, available to all. To unveil the universe of magical and mysterious objects, of very powerful sources of knowledge. Objects that represent keys to doors. Doors that lead to other worlds, to other realities."}
{"title": "First Movements", "subpages": [], "contents": "The Search For The Agora: With the technological and social upheaval of the last third of the 19th century, and in the wake of names such as Helena Blavatsky, Allan Kardec, Henry Olcott, August Le Plongeon and James Churchward, a wave of occultists began to become aware of the control that the privileged were trying to exert over the new cultural advances. Thus, from the work of personalities such as Rudolf Steiner, Guido Von Lizt, Aleister Crowley, William Wynn Westcott, Theodor Reuss or Annie Besant, doctrines such as Anthroposophy, Ariosophy or Thelema were born, and secret societies such as the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn, the Ordo Templi Orientis, the Thule Society, etc. developed. In principle, a fraternal and supportive spirit prevails, full of good intentions. It is from this approach that the first attempt was made to bring together the knowledge and research of all these new associations into a meeting place where all paths of wisdom converge and all truths meet. "}
{"title": "The Creation Of The Game", "subpages": [], "contents": "The Five Initiates: Thus was born what they would begin to know, in a nod to the hermetic codes, as 'the game'. In the year 1921, the great game board, the mythical city of Veel-Tark, was born in the hands of five initiates. These five initiates were Rudolf Steiner (representing Anthroposophy), Annie Besant (representing the Theosophical Society), Theodor Reuss (representing the Ordo Templi Orientis), William W. Atkinson (representing New Thought) and Alice Bailey (representing the Lucis Trust). The five initiates established thirteen principles which they considered an unfading code of conduct: Gratitude, Self-awareness, Responsibility, Optimism, Empathy, Kindness, Tenacity, Curiosity, Patience, Conviction, Humility, Ambition, Honesty. "}
{"title": "A New Acropolis", "subpages": [], "contents": "The Growth Of Veel-Tark: Initially, the city was represented on a huge game board, which was installed in one of the halls of the Goetheanum complex, built a few years earlier by the Anthroposophical Society in Dornach (Switzerland). From this model, the five initiates gave all their collaborators citizenship cards, powers over the different spaces of the city, personalised investigative tasks, etc. In a way, the game board served as a figurative model of a space with an abstract projection in the real world. Veel-Tark existed and functioned only in the minds of the citizens, who shared the concept and the substance. It was, then, an environment sustained by the imagination of multiple minds."}
{"title": "The Fall", "subpages": [], "contents": "Shadow Societies: Two of the most prominent citizens, Aleister Crowley (Thelema Society) and Rudolf von Sebottendorf (Thule Society), with their powers of persuasion, rebelled against the work of the initiates, whom they began to brand as oligarchs, accusing them of hiding valuable secrets and knowledge to be wielded at will. The five initiates removed the powers and citizen cards of the two occultists. Societies like Crowley's and Sebottendorf's, founded on selfishness and lack of values, were stigmatised. A dark seed had germinated in the city, slowly growing among the citizens. Thus, on 31 December 1922, the Goetheanum building of the Anthroposophical Society burned to the ground in an arson attack. Those responsible were not found, but the flames reduced every corner of the great city to ashes, taking with it every vestige of the great project that the five initiates had enlightened. "}
{"title": "The Rebirth", "subpages": [], "contents": "The Conjunction of the Oracles: A hundred years had to pass, since its first creation, for the name Veel-Tark to be pronounced again. In the year 2021, under the turbulent currents of the Third Industrial Revolution, within the framework of a new technological paradigm, a group of Oracles recover the old ideas of the five initiates, beginning to forge the rebirth of the city of Veel-Tark. Gathered in the vicinity of the necropolis of Tuna el-Yebel, they open a space-time rift in order to find the city-state: the huge game board that was devoured by flames on New Year's Eve 1922, on which the model of Veel-Tark was laid out. The Oracles connected with the Akashic Records, which occupy what Theosophy and Anthroposophy call the mental plane. There they found the necropolis of Veel-Tark. Repopulating it and bringing it back to life was going to be an arduous task. They had to attract a large number of guilds and form new factions of knowledge to do so...."}
{"title": "Genesis Of The Khepris", "subpages": ["The Creation Of Life", "The Shadow of Athanasius", "The Cosmos Machine", "From Among The Dead"], "contents": "How the Khepris became part of the history of Veel-Tark until they became guardians and symbols of the city"}
{"title": "The Creation Of Life", "subpages": [], "contents": "Encounter with the solar beetle: In the last years of his life, Rudolf Steiner, founding father of the city of Veel-Tark, began to give some relevance to the figure of Khepri, an Egyptian deity who, in the form of a dung beetle pushing the solar disk, represents creation and rebirth, the constant transformation of existence. The importance that this figure took on for Steiner can be related to a recurring need to reinvent himself, considering that his fascination with Khepri concurred with the zenith of a life of changes and searches for truth: from Theosophy to Anthroposophy; from Anthroposophy to the School of Spiritual Science, the latter as a project that he left in the air two years after his death (Christmas, 1923). It also coincided with the fire at the Goetheanum building (New Year's Eve 1922), the headquarters of anthroposophy and a world cultural reference, from which only an allegorical sculpture depicting the spiritual forces that move the world was saved. For Steiner, this fire again pointed to the need to rebuild his project through transformation."}
{"title": "The Shadow Of Athanasius", "subpages": [], "contents": "The fragment of the Codex Hermopolitanus: But a little-known fact is fundamental to this story: between 1920 and 1922, at an undetermined date, a strange manuscript fell into Steiner's hands, signed by a certain G. W. Athanasius, a mysterious German hermeneut about whom very little is known. It is possible that Athanasius was a disciple of Wilhelm Dilthey, the famous philosopher, historian, sociologist, psychologist and, like Athanasius himself, hermeneut, and whose approaches to the spiritual sciences and worldviews had a powerful influence on Rudolf Steiner's thinking. Similarly, Athanasius' syncretic philosophy, between modern science, esotericism and mythology, had many points of convergence with the founding father of Veel-Tark. In any case, this text, supposedly part of an unknown Codex Hermopolitanus, deepens in the figure of Khepri as the builder of the universe and suggests the design of a cosmic engine based on a geared machinery, whose activity starts from the mathematics of chaos and quantum mechanics that Henri Poincaré and Max Planck had begun to develop in the first two decades of the twentieth century. All this must have been revealing for Steiner. It is necessary, therefore, to include the Athanasius manuscript in this story."}
{"title": "The Cosmos Machine", "subpages": [], "contents": "As above, so below: Considering the impact this writing must have had on Rudolf Steiner's work, part of which was the project for the virtual city of Veel-Tark, a model of which rested in the Goetheanum in Dornach (Switzerland), it is not difficult to understand the great importance of the Egyptian deity Khepri in this project. Its transformative meaning, its rebirth and its elevation from the waste were revelatory for the Austrian thinker. Supposedly, Steiner had a small-sized reproduction of the gear machinery described by Athanasius in his manuscript built, which was included in the Veel-Tark model itself. This machinery then came to represent the heart of the city; a mechanical dung beetle of tiny size was inserted into the wheel of the athanor to exercise motion with the accumulating action of its front legs, causing the geared apparatus to rotate constantly, day and night, driven by its own kinetic energy. The whole dynamic of the enormous and complex structure of Veel-Tark depended, then, on the activity of a tiny being."}
{"title": "From Among The Dead", "subpages": [], "contents": "The gestation of the Khepris: It was rumored that not only the aforementioned allegorical sculpture was saved from the fire on New Year's Eve 1922, but also that gear machinery whose movement never ceased. Steiner managed to save it and put it in a safe place in an unknown location. However, after his death, and with time, the legend spread that the mechanical contraption had been buried somewhere in the necropolis of Tuna el-Yebel (Hermopolis Magna of the New Empire of Ancient Egypt), near the Tomb of Petosiris, in whose catacombs there is a sober representation of Osiris-Khepri in bas-relief form. Its constant activity, over a hundred years, would have created a magical field of energy, from which the first Khepris, who would become guardians and symbols of the city of Veel-Tark, were born; When in 2021 the Oracles carried out the ritual, on the same ruins of Tuna el-Yebel, to open a space-time gap that would connect them with the disappeared city of Veel-Tark, they found in the catacombs of the tomb of Petosiris an astonishing colony of 55 Khepris, who would be known, from then on, as the Primordials."}
{"title": "The Athanasius Manuscript", "subpages": ["The Tohu va-Bohu", "The Cogwheels Of Chaos", "Khepri And The Dead"], "contents": ""}
{"title": "The Tohu va-Bohu", "subpages": [], "contents": "The movement of the universe: Nineteenth-century mechanicists, influenced by Laplace's determinism, were convinced that knowing the origin and trajectory of a celestial body could unequivocally predict its destiny. Thus, the universe moved, for them, in a linear and regular way, governed by a cosmic clockmaker of absolute precision. However, the appearance of Max Planck's quantum mechanics and Poincaré's mathematics of chaos overthrew this reassuring approach, uncovering irregularities in all semblance of order and dangerous relative errors in dynamic systems; lurid points which, under the action of that randomness which is but the measure of human ignorance, amplify violently until the whole structure is broken down. But, in spite of the initial terror that all his theories seem to arouse, in reality they tend to show that perturbations only partially destroy regularity. They introduce turbulence and chaos, but constitute, from another perspective, a form of order. Somehow, there is an eagerness to find a new structure under the chaotic movement, to find its regularity, even if it is only a stationary state tending to instability. It happens that in the first stage of nature there is a curious antinomy between that which becomes and that which remains; under all dynamics, there is something that tends to disappear and something that reveals itself to be immutable, bringing together the discourses of Heraclitus and Parmenides. In this way, science meets again with philosophy. Each movement incites its successive one to form itself in an unrepeatable way, but, in the globality, all movements seek the same attracting point, like a funnel in which two drops of water, which never trace an exact path, nevertheless end up by flowing into the same channel (the mouth of the funnel). In the great funnel of the cosmos (the universal attractor), all the unpredictable possibilities tending to infinity are produced. Thus, the calculation of any energy in motion is inevitably subject to the relationship between regularity and indeterminism, since we discover in the dynamics of this energy continuous unpredictable variables that end up amplifying in an uncontrolled way, yielding unexpected results within a graph, however, regular and analogous in its iteration. In other words, and as Poincaré has observed, on a large scale all perturbations tend to stabilize, revealing analogous behaviors with small-scale phenomena, a proposition that is also observable in the Koch curve. Thus, the new science, walking hand in hand with esotericism, comes only to express the same analogous relations that Hermes Trismegistus observed, more than two thousand years ago, between the microcosm and the macrocosm: as above, so below."}
{"title": "The Cogwheels Of Chaos", "subpages": [], "contents": "Emulating Antikythera: If we then devise a mechanistic system to explain the logic of this movement in the cosmos, we can find an eccentric relation between its chaotic movement and the regularity that ends up being adjusted on the theoretical plane. Our references are the cogwheel contraptions, so popular among ancient Greek thinkers (such as the mechanism found on the Greek island of Antikythera, probably from 150 B.C.), which tried to explain evolutionary motion, where natural elements are subject to predetermined parameters based on the number of teeth that each wheel has, the perimeters, radiuses and diameters, the position they occupy and the analogy in rotary motion. Our own cogwheel contraption bases its system on the relationship between what is above and what is below (which, as we have pointed out, present analogous cosmic movements according to the Hermetic vision, ratified by new geometric proposals such as the aforementioned Koch curve); microcosm and macrocosm will form the two main wheels of our gear, moved by a third wheel, which we will call atanor, a name we give it because of its function as a link between both worlds (like the alchemical bowl, where the universal consciousness was cooked). The atanor wheel will then connect the wheel of the microcosm with the wheel of the macrocosm, agitating the movement of both. The functioning of our contraption is delimited by the difference between the number of teeth of each wheel. To assign these numbers of teeth we will resort to numerology, seeking to start from the universal number; from the primary, absolute number, from the number that represents the essential universality. The numerology of the Kabbalah advocates, as Helena Blavatsky reminds us, that numbers were revealed to men by the gods, and that these numbers, converted into music, made the world emerge from chaos. For the Kabbalah, then, 9 is the sacred number, and there is only one other number above it in terms of the power it possesses: the number 7, the bridge between the divine and the human, between heaven and earth, between spirit and matter, since it is the sum of the sacred 3 and the earthly 4. 7 is, moreover, according to Hippocrates, the dispenser of life and the motor of all transformations. We will explain this character and its relation to our device later, but it is undoubtedly the number that represents that universal synthesis from which we must start. To the wheel of the microcosm we offer, then, 7 teeth. Now, to mark the increment, we look for a chaotic stimulant that simulates the irregularity of cosmic motion; thus, we select the formula 2x²-1, an equation that, when iterated, produces chaos in a way that is as inevitable as it is unpredictable, a phenomenon that can be observed in Dalton's adding and listing machine after a certain number of operations and iterations. Thus, 2x²-1 when x=7, yields 97 as a result. We find ourselves with a numerological curiosity, when we submit the number 7 to the formula of chaos; the universal synthesis reappears, preceded by the number 9, the sacred number according to the Kabbalah. Now, we look for the numerological synthesis of the number of teeth of the atanor wheel, with the reduction of its digits: 9+7=16; 1+6=7. Surprisingly, the number of the teeth of the reduced atanor again offers us universality. But we move on. Now, we carry out the increment to find the number of teeth of the wheel of the macrocosm, for which we submit the number of teeth of the athanor to the same formula: 2x²-1, when x=97. The result is 18817. New curiosity; the universal number, 7, preceded by a capicua number, composed of two suggestions of the number 9, the sacred number (which already preceded the number 7 in the athanor): 18 and 81. 18=9+9, and 81=9X9. Moreover, in the numerological synthesis, 1+8=9 and 8+1=9. Obviously, 1881, reduced, is equivalent to 9. But let us solve the reduction of the digits of the number of teeth of the macrocosm to the whole: 1+8+8+8+1+7=25; and 2+5=7. Once again, the reduced number of teeth gives us universality. We already have our contraption, composed of three wheels representing the movement of the cosmos; microcosm, athanor and macrocosm, whose wheel numbers (7, 97 and 18817 respectively), found through a mathematical formula that produces chaos (in the form of unpredictable iterations), are shown to be completely analogous and end up leading, through numerological synthesis, to the same point. Now, let us observe their perimeters, taking any measurements for the teeth and the interstitial spaces between them, since the behavior of their relationship will not vary with respect to this convention. Let us imagine that each tooth measures 2 cm, and another 2 cm the space between each tooth. Thus, the microcosm wheel has 7 teeth and 6 spaces, which makes its perimeter 26 cm. Reducing its digits: 2+6=8. The number between 7 and 9, which as we have seen mark exclusively the number of teeth of each wheel. For the atanor, which has 97 teeth and 96 spaces, we obtain a perimeter of 386 cm. By reducing the digits: 3+8+6=17; and 1+7=8. And, for the macrocosm, which has 18817 teeth, and 18816 spaces, the perimeter is 75266 cm, which in the reduction of its digits: 7+5+2+6+6=26; and 2+6=8. The syntheses of the three perimeters lead back to the same point: the number 8.But the real critical behavior of the gearing occurs in the dynamics of the wheels and the comparative aspect between the number of turns they make; let us imagine that we place in the center of the athanor a mechanism with the shape and behavior of a dung beetle, and that this mechanism rotates the wheel indefinitely connected to the kinetic movement of the wheels themselves, in a feedback system. We begin with the motion of the athanor wheel, as the principle of the dynamics between the microcosm and the macrocosm. For the atanor to complete a full turn, the microcosm must complete 13'857143 turns, while the macrocosm completes a minimum fraction of a full turn: 0'00515491. Our system goes into chaos, the numbers are destabilized and are no longer integers. But this is logical, being our referent to the atanor. What interests us is to check the relationship between the microcosm and the macrocosm. Let us take the major as a referent to save time. When the macrocosm has completed an entire revolution, the athanor has completed 193'98969, and since the microcosm completes 13'857143 revolutions for each one of the athanor, for one revolution of the macrocosm it completes 2688'14287. Unstable figures that do not present analogous pictures. For 2 turns of the macrocosm, the microcosm realizes 5376'2857, and the atanor 387'97938. New decimal figures that demonstrate an increasing instability. Is it, therefore, an arithmetically unbalanced relation that of the microcosm and the macrocosm? Does the cosmic and evolutionary dynamics behave in a disorderly way, without patterns or analogies? It is then that we tend to think of a chaotic behavior of the dynamics of the universe. But we are not finished. For 3 turns of the macrocosm, the microcosm makes 8064'4286 turns, and the atanor 581'96907 turns. The figures remain unstable, without fulfilling orders of any kind. We assume that the instability will increase with the number of turns (there is a relationship between the space traveled and the time elapsed). The relationship between one wheel and another, and its inseparable link with the linking disk, are tinged with rough spots and indeterminisms. There seems to be no order or globality, and so far it is impossible for us to establish a periodic linearity. But, what happens if we make a small jump, and we observe the results when the macrocosm completes 7 turns? The atanor has made 1357.9278 turns, but with the microcosm logic shows us a spectacular behavior, since the wheel of the microcosm is contained x times in the wheel of the macrocosm, and both are connected by this mathematical relation: its dynamics becomes stable, the number of turns it makes is integer, and it is none other than 18817. When the number of turns of the macrocosm is equivalent to the number of teeth of the microcosm, the number of turns of the microcosm is equivalent to the number of teeth of the macrocosm. And both return in the synthesis, as much with respect to the number of teeth as with respect to the number of turns, to universality, to the number 7. In this inversion of values, the idea of the opposite trajectory of the evolution of the universe, advancing towards its own reflection, is manifested. But what happens after this stationary state of stability? The system is destabilized again (for 8 turns of the macrocosm, we have 21505,143 of the microcosm, and 1551,9175 of the atanor). Thus, order and chaos seem to intertwine in a game of equilibrium and imbalance. For we sense that, if the dynamics has stabilized at a particular point, it will do so again, leaving aside the coincidence of an isolated event to mark a regular pattern. Obviously, it does so again when the macrocosm completes 14 turns; the atanor has made 2715.8557 turns, and the microcosm 37634, again a whole number. The numerological particularity that we observe from this moment on is that the decomposed sums of the digits of the turns of the macrocosm and the microcosm each time they stabilize, moreover, coincide (14: 1+4=5. At the same time, 37634: 3+7+6+3+4=23; and 2+3=5). Thus, when the macrocosm completes 21 turns (2+1=3), the atanor makes 4073.7835 turns, and the microcosm 56451 (5+6+4+5+1=21; 2+1=3). When the macrocosm completes 28 turns (2+8=10, and 1+0=1), the atanor completes 5431.7113 turns, and the microcosm completes 75268 (7+5+2+6+8=28; and 2+8=10; and 1+0=1). The patterns are found in the numerical successions; the system stabilizes every 7 turns (universality), and the syntheses of the numbers descend with every 7 turns by 2 in 2 (7, 5, 3, 1. And if we reduce the digits of this series: 7+5+3+1=16; and 1+6=7; once again universality). This is our regularity for the chaotic functioning of the universe. It is not difficult to intuit, behind this pattern, new disorders and new patterns not yet glimpsed, tending towards infinity. But the fundamental behavior is that the athanor, which moves both worlds, which offers this pattern of order for their movement, which has granted us regularity, never stabilizes in synchronicity with the microcosm and the macrocosm. It reveals itself as a chaotic origin, awakening a probabilistic and regular cosmic structure at the same time, where accidents, far from being a casual effect, represent on the contrary and irrefutably the purest effect of a cause."}
{"title": "Khepri And The Dead", "subpages": [], "contents": "The watchmaker of the cosmos: Let us return to our dung beetle inside the athanor, spinning the wheel to infinity; in ancient Egypt, the dung beetle represented in the hieroglyphs took the name of Khepri, phonetically Jepri, acquiring a priestly character. Jepri was, like the beetle that creates the form from its ball of waste (and whose eggs hatch in the carrion), the dispenser of life and the symbol of transformation, of rebirth, of the cycle of death and resurrection. We see clear coincidences with the connotations that the Kabbalah offers to the number 7. Our dung beetle eternally moving the wheel of the athanor also represents universality. From this vision, there is a version of Jepri that takes a paradigmatic position: the dung beetle spinning the solar disk as the foundation of the universe. In this variant, Jepri makes Osiris spin, suggesting, at the same time, the dawn and the sunset, the beginning and the end. Then, the scarab took a deific form, which was related to the aforementioned solar deity, Osiris. Represented in this way we can find it in different places, such as the last sequence of the Book of Doors (sarcophagus of Pharaoh Seti I) or in the tomb of Petosiris (necropolis of Tuna el-Yebel); or mentioned in different texts, such as the Book of the Dead, under the name of Osiris-Jepri (prayer 154 of the Book of the Dead). Neither more nor less than our watchmaker of the cosmos. As we verify with our artifact, life is born from chaos. Just to satisfy the magic of synchronicity, or the divine nature of numbers, given, according to the Kabbalah, to men by the gods, let us return to numerology and submit this watchmaker of the cosmos, Osiris-Jepri, to the calculation of gematria, Hebrew discipline to designate the combination of the letters of a word and thus understand its numerical value. There are different conversion methods based on the correspondences between the Hebrew and Latin alphabets, from those originally developed by the Kabbalah to the one used by the Pythagoreans, but the oldest is that of Chaldean-Hebrew numerology. The 9 does not appear in this conversion, since, on the one hand, it is the sacred number, and, on the other hand, the Hebrew letters that have that value have no equivalence in our alphabet. As we have said, there are other conversion systems, but this is the one that offers more reliability because it is the oldest and the one most studied by the most reputable cabalists and occultists, such as Cagliostro himself. To find the number that corresponds to a verb sign, we must transpose the letters of the name to the numbers, and from the result obtained reduce the digits as we did previously with the gears of our contraption. Osiris Jepri, thus offers us this result: 731213; 15821. Now we proceed to the numerological synthesis, as we already know: adding up all the digits and reducing them to obtain a single digit: 7+3+1+2+1+3+1+5+8+2+1=34; 3+4=7. Either: 7+3+1+2+1+3=17; 1+5+8+2+1=17; 1+7=8; 1+7=8; 8+8=16; 1+6=7. Thanks to numerological wisdom, from the mythology of Egypt and the Kabbalah, we can ratify that the nature of our watchmaker of the cosmos also contains universality, the same of the number 7, the same that moves our cogwheel contraption. We can even affirm that our beetle is not only the watchmaker of the cosmos; it is, above all, the one that certifies the succession of all the universal cycles, the one that renews life, the one that constitutes creation and rebirth. It is, then, the very builder of the universe."}
{"title": "Veel-Tark Files", "subpages": ["Roles Guide", "City Map", "Traits Of The Khepris"], "contents": ""}
{"title": "Roles Guide", "subpages": ["The Guilds", "The Factions", "The Lodges", "The Leagues", "The Brotherhoods"], "contents": "There are different groupings in the city of Veel-Tark. Guilds, factions, groups. This list collects and details all these groups."}
{"title": "The Guilds", "subpages": [], "contents": "The Guilds are the most significant groupings in Veel-Tark, as they clearly define the roles and skills of each citizen. Each guild is a group made up of different specialities, encompassing all the occupations that come together in the city."}
{"title": "Alchemists", "subpages": [], "contents": "Creative, scientific, artistic minds. Alchemists combine knowledge and imagination, research and experimentation. And also a dash of fantasy. They are the inventors, the discoverers, the innovators. The Handcrafters are the creative spirits of the city: design, graphics, photography, music etc. Those who are dedicated to designing the city's representations, on a small and large scale, are the Draftsmen, while those who give Veel-Tark its entity from the arts are the Aesthetes. The engineers are the ones who work with codes and chains of information, creating the virtual structure that supports the operation of every corner of the city. Some develop the virtual foundations of Veel-Tark, and are called Architects. Others work with the blocks that form the information chains, either verifying or extracting assets, and are called Moles. An eccentric group works with artificial intelligences and virtual consciousness, and are colloquially known as Automatons."}
{"title": "Exegets", "subpages": [], "contents": "Those who make their living from letters, history and fantasy. Accumulators of knowledge, collectors of legends, creators of dreams. They are those who protect culture, those who write the times; but also those who dream of what could be. The Chroniclers write and spread the word of both the history and the present of Veel-Tark. They thus work from two perspectives: synchronic and diachronic. Those who research from the diachronic perspective are known as Logographers, literary collectors of Veel-Tark's legends and history; those who focus on the synchronic perspective, collecting news and present-day chronicles of the city, are the Narratables. The Erudites are the scholars, experts in different subjects who, because of their wide and varied knowledge, are responsible for the creation, formation and composition of Veel-Tark, either directly or by advising. The scholars and experts in different subjects are the Hierophants. The creators and entrepreneurs, illusionists of experience, are called Thaumaturges because of their ability to work wonders."}
{"title": "Procurators", "subpages": [], "contents": "The pragmatic minds of Veel-Tark. Specialists in organisation, management and administration. They know social procedures and legal resources. They think with structure, act with judgement. And they solve efficiently. The Jurists are Those who, being experts in matters of law, provide legal advice and perform the functions of legal philosophers, interpreting and expounding current legislation to create the legal framework of Veel-Tark. Those jurists who specifically focus on legal research to deal with city management and advice are warmly known as Legal Rabbits. The Trustees are elected to look after the interests of Veel-Tark, especially in the economic and social spheres. Those who are in charge of administering money and economy are the Treasurers, while those who have social competences, resolving matters belonging to the internal organisation of the city, are the Councillors. Finally, those who assume powers or forms of entity representing the city, legally or diplomatically, are the Heralds."}
{"title": "Sentinels", "subpages": [], "contents": "The Sentinels are responsible for ensuring the smooth running of every corner of Veel-Tark, preventing disturbances and ensuring that the thirteen values are observed in the behaviour of the citizens. They are moderators, custodians and peacemakers. The Seraphs are sentinels of the highest rank, and have access to all Veel-Tark premises where it is appropriate to establish standards of behaviour and vigilance. They are the stewards of order. The Archangels are lower grade sentries, with more restricted access than their companions the seraphs. They are in charge of places with higher traffic and more open access to other guilds. They are more like moderators."}
{"title": "The Factions", "subpages": ["Heirs Of Eleusis", "Neo-Atlantists", "Stellar Circle", "Hermeticists", "Guard Of Sephiroth"], "contents": "The five Factions developed for the study and dissemination of arcane wisdom are the main groupings of Veel-Tark. Each comprises a large number of individuals and has a specific identity and interests. Thus, not all Factions have the same access to and hold the same wealth of knowledge. The spirit of collaboration and encounter between factions is essential to the integrity of each faction, as well as to the development of the entire community of citizens."}
{"title": "Heirs Of Eleusis", "subpages": [], "contents": ""}
{"title": "Neo-Atlantists", "subpages": [], "contents": ""}
{"title": "Stellar Circle", "subpages": [], "contents": ""}
{"title": "Hermeticists", "subpages": [], "contents": ""}
{"title": "Guard Of Sephiroth", "subpages": [], "contents": ""}
{"title": "The Lodges", "subpages": [], "contents": "Lodges are groupings which include individuals of the same Faction and which are formed on an ad hoc basis for a specific purpose. Their purpose is usually to resolve some point concerning the Faction itself, whether it be to make decisions about it's internal structure or to study a particular subject. Lodges usually include the presence of a Master, Councillor or leader of some kind."}
{"title": "The Leagues", "subpages": [], "contents": "They represent small syncretic associations in which individuals from different Factions (usually no more than ten in number) come together. These alliances, like Lodges, usually have a specific and eventual purpose in which it is necessary or advantageous to exchange knowledge, forming a syncretic body of wisdom, and so do not usually last beyond the fulfilment of their purpose. However, some well-knit and successful leagues do consolidate to take on new challenges and adventures."}
{"title": "The Brotherhoods", "subpages": [], "contents": "The Brotherhoods are categorical in nature, defining different Veel-Tark entities with specific attributions and powers."}
{"title": "City Map", "subpages": ["Central District", "Northern District", "Southern District", "Eastern District", "Western District"], "contents": "The different districts of the city of Veel-Tark with their spaces and buildings are collected on this map."}
{"title": "Central District", "subpages": ["The Agora Plaza", "The Mint", "The Prytaneum", "Atlantis Library", "The Athenaeum"], "contents": "The Central District is the busiest and most significant part of Veel-Tark, as it is home to the main organs of the city. At its heart is a huge central square, around which the buildings representing these organs are built."}
{"title": "The Agora Plaza", "subpages": [], "contents": "Veel-Tark's most popular meeting place, open to everyone and recipient of all interests. The square is also where Veel-Tark's most important news are disseminated, and is accessible even to nomads (those citizens who do not yet have a guild and faction)."}
{"title": "The Mint", "subpages": [], "contents": "The Mint is one of the main buildings that faces the Agora Square. It is where some of the trustees work, such as the Treasurers. It is, in essence, Veel-Tark's bank and treasury chamber. In the basement are amassed the assets and cryptocurrencies that are mined in the Alchemists' Chamber, a building to which the Mint connects through a long network of tunnels."}
{"title": "The Prytaneum", "subpages": [], "contents": "A majestic legal and ministerial building. It is where both legal and administrative matters are settled, so that in the Prytaneum you can find Jurists, Councillors and Nuncios. The entire legal and juridical network passes through its departments, where large meeting rooms, in which assemblies are usually held, and numerous offices are accumulated. It is the natural home of the Legal Rabbits."}
{"title": "Atlantis Library", "subpages": [], "contents": "The Veel-Tark library is a titanic endeavour to build the most monumental library that has ever existed, attempting to bring together every letter, every idea and every text that civilisation has ever created. In a way, this building, whose architecture resembles that of the Library of Alexandria, seems to emulate the space of the Akashic Records themselves with their innumerable archives. Papyrus, sheets, scrolls, codices, volumes and all kinds of written documents rest within its walls. It is also the study place of the Chroniclers, with a section of ancient texts for the Logographers and another of contemporary texts for the Narratables."}
{"title": "The Athenaeum", "subpages": [], "contents": "It is the meeting place for conferences, discussions, forums or simple colloquiums. It deals with both social issues, typical of the city, and philosophical, scientific or literary matters, for which it has a large assembly hall for large events, as well as other peripheral rooms, which usually host small meetings and gatherings."}
{"title": "Northern District", "subpages": ["Alchemists' Tower", "Khepri's Temple", "Thermal Caves", "Tabernacle"], "contents": "The Northern District occupies the northern part of the city. And while the Agora undoubtedly represents the driving centre of Veel-Tark, it is in the Northern District that the major decisions affecting the founding and regulation of Veel-Tark seem to be made, as it is home to some very significant buildings."}
{"title": "Alchemists' Tower", "subpages": [], "contents": "Although, technically, it has the layout of a tower, forming a cylindrical structure, its interior, with a gigantic perimeter and an imposing height, accommodates numerous rooms and chambers where the Alchemists tirelessly research. With one wing for the Hancrafters/artisans and another for the Engineers, the Alchemists' Tower also has colossal cellars, the mines, where the Moles work. From these cellars, a labyrinthine network of underground corridors connects the tower to the Mint to facilitate the traffic of assets and cryptocurrency mined in the mines, linking one district to the other."}
{"title": "Khepri's Temple", "subpages": [], "contents": "In reality, it is not a single building, but a complex of buildings dedicated to the divine scarab, including study halls, a prayer centre, an offering hall, etc. The temple is where the Hierophants and Thaumaturges work their wonders, and their passage is more restricted than in other buildings in Veel-Tark."}
{"title": "Thermal Caves", "subpages": [], "contents": "The Thermal Caves are, in principle, a place to rest and enjoy the healing waters, but they also serve a social function, as many of the citizens of Veel-Tark meet here to discuss matters concerning the city in a more relaxed atmosphere and with greater privacy."}
{"title": "Tabernacle", "subpages": [], "contents": "It is a small palace, secluded from the hustle and bustle, where the Oracles of Veel-Tark reside and operate."}
{"title": "Southern District", "subpages": ["Amphiteatre", "Odeum", "Stadium", "Akasha Museum", "The Great Hyperborean Inn"], "contents": "It is located in the southern part of Veel-Tark. It is the district of recreation, but also of culture, as it brings together buildings dedicated to the arts and other cultural and social meeting places."}
{"title": "Amphiteatre", "subpages": [], "contents": "The Amphitheatre is the venue for theatrical and other theatrical performances, such as dance."}
{"title": "Odeum", "subpages": [], "contents": "It is also a pavilion dedicated to the performing arts, although in this case specifically to music, as the Odeum is the venue for concerts. Music always plays here."}
{"title": "Stadium", "subpages": [], "contents": "A building for the practice of sport, as well as for organising and showcasing sporting events. Veel-Tark follows the tradition of the Greek cities in this respect, giving special importance to athletics in all its aspects."}
{"title": "Akasha Museum", "subpages": [], "contents": "A museum that tries to collect the various fragments of occult history, with testimonies, relics and other traces of the lost continents (Atlantis, Lemuria, Agartha). The Akasha Museum therefore collects both physical objects and mental projections."}
{"title": "The Great Hyperborean Inn", "subpages": [], "contents": "A meeting place for purely recreational gatherings, where citizens can relax and have fun, as well as openly share whatever they wish."}
{"title": "Eastern District", "subpages": [], "contents": "The east of the city-state of Veel-Tark represents the industrial zone, housing most of the factories and construction sites. It is a district dominated, therefore, by mechanics."}
{"title": "Western District", "subpages": [], "contents": "Occupying the western part, the western district forms the khora, the rural area of the city, with farms and farmsteads, although a small desert area can also be found where the land is infertile wasteland. In addition, the western district is home to the mines of aurichalcum, the noble metal from Atlantis."}
{"title": "Traits Of The Khepris", "subpages": ["Taxonomy", "Characteristics"], "contents": "The classification and the scheme of the characteristics of the Khepris is the work of the scholars and Exegetes of Veel-Tark, who have made this list of categories."}
{"title": "Taxonomy", "subpages": ["The Independents", "Protogonic Dinasty"], "contents": "Biological and family tree of the Khepris, describing the dynasties, families and their classes."}
{"title": "The Independents", "subpages": [], "contents": ""}
{"title": "Protogonic Dinasty", "subpages": [], "contents": ""}
{"title": "Characteristics", "subpages": ["Classification", "Properties", "Attributes", "Constitution"], "contents": ""}
{"title": "Classification", "subpages": [], "contents": ""}
{"title": "Properties", "subpages": [], "contents": ""}
{"title": "Attributes", "subpages": [], "contents": ""}
{"title": "Constitution", "subpages": [], "contents": ""}

